Add rule docs for 0.16.1 integration updates (#1587)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-1/prebuilt-rule-0-16-1-suspicious-portable-executable-encoded-in-powershell-script.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-0-16-1-suspicious-portable-executable-encoded-in-powershell-script]]
=== Suspicious Portable Executable Encoded in Powershell Script

> Detects the presence of portable executables (PE) in a PowerShell script by looking for its encoded header. Attackers embed PEs into PowerShell scripts for injecting them into the memory, avoiding defenses by not writing to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detects the presence of a portable executable (PE) in a PowerShell script by looking for its encoded header. Attackers embed PEs into PowerShell scripts to inject them into memory, avoiding defences by not writing to disk.
```

----------------------------------
## Triage and analysis.

### Investigating Suspicious Portable Executable Encoded in Powershell Script

PowerShell is one of the main tools used by system administrators for automation, report routines, and other tasks.

Attackers can abuse PowerShell in-memory capabilities to inject executables into memory without touching the disk,
bypassing antivirus software. These executables are generally base64 encoded.

#### Possible investigation steps:

- Examine script content that triggered the detection. 
- Investigate script execution chain (parent process tree).
- Inspect any file or network events from the suspicious PowerShell host process instance.
- If the action is suspicious for the user, check for any other activities done by the user in the last 48 hours.

### False Positive Analysis

- Verify whether the script content is malicious/harmful.

### Related Rules

- PowerShell Reflection Assembly Load - e26f042e-c590-4e82-8e05-41e81bd822ad
- PowerShell Suspicious Payload Encoded and Compressed - 81fe9dc6-a2d7-4192-a2d8-eed98afc766a
- PowerShell PSReflect Script - 56f2e9b5-4803-4e44-a0a4-a52dc79d57fe

### Response and Remediation

> - Immediate response should be taken to validate, investigate, and potentially contain the activity to prevent further

Reviewer: need a find and replace for "Immediate response should be taken"->"Immediate steps should be taken"
